- Design -
Initial design:
    Refer to initial sketches.

General page layout:
    Basic layout is inspired by Google's search page.
    The title "Social Event Planner" is placed in the centre of a coloured <header> container that occupies the top section of the page.
        Clicking on the title on any page (apart from the index page) will redirect the user back to index page or main page if the user is logged in.
    A coloured <footer> is placed at the bottom of the page (same style as header at top) with centered text links to about, contact and FAQ pages.
        Clicking on these links will take the user to respective pages.

Index page:
    This is the starting page.
    Labelled log in/sign up buttons are placed within the <header> (with the title), in the top-right postion relative to the page.
        Clicking on these buttons will take the user to another page (depending on which button is pressed).
    A separate <div> container holds a calendar in the centre of the page.

About/contact/FAQ pages:
    Additonal basic pages that serve no real function other than site completion.

Log in/sign up pages:
    These pages are used for to user authorisation.
    A smaller "Log In"/"Sign Up" (depending on the page) title is shown below the header.
    Depending on which button was pressed, this page has separate input fields (placed in the centre of the page) to prompt the user to input the appropiate details:
        Email address/phone
        Password (hidden)
    The sign up page has additional fields:
        Given name
        Last name
        Phone number
        Confirm Password (hidden, checks if it is the same as the entered password)
    Labelled Log In and Sign Up buttons are placed below the input fields to submit responses or redirect the user to the other page.
        The second button is present in case the user initally clicks on the wrong button from the index page.
        A successful sign up will create a new account for the user and log them in.
        A successful login will take the user to a main calendar page.

Main calendar page:
    This is the main page of the social event planner (after the index page).
    The calendar (from Google Calendar API) is placed in the centre and is the main focus/object on the page (similar to MyUni's calendar).
    A "Create Event +" button is located above and left of the calendar.
        Clicking on this button that initiates a (vue) pop-up on the same page for the user to fill in details and add the event to the calendar.

User page:
    This page allows users to view and modify their information.
    The user's details will be listed down the page.
    An "Edit" button can be located in the top-left postion (same as create event from the main calendar page).
        Clicking on this button will turn the details into input fields that the user can then put their changes into. "Submit" will replace "Edit" (button).
        Clicking on the "Submit" button will submit the any of inputted changes.

Admin page:
    This page allows admins to manage other users.
    A table that lists all the users from the database takes up the majority of the page:
        The list will show the users last name, first name, email address, a "Make Admin" button and a "Delete User" button, in the specified order
            The "Make Admin" button will make the selected user an admin and grant them access to the admin page.
            The "Delete User" button will delete the selecter user, all their details and any related data.

- Features -
(Currently) Planned features:
    Log in/sign up
    Create new event
    Confirm and finalise event time
    Add finalised event to calendar
    Manage user information

Admin features:
    Manage users
    Sign up other admins

Special feature:
    Email notifications