- Research -
Apple (iPhone) calendar:
    An accessible calendar application with fundamental and some optional features to derive our own event planner from.
    Potentially useful to figure how the event planner might function on non-desktop devices/environments (e.g. mobile phones, tablets... if implemented).
        e.g. content spacing, scrolling options, possible button positions...
        A number of buttons are simple and small (takes up less space than text) icons.
            A plus (+) icon for creating a new event.
            A magnifying glass icon to access the search feature.
    Has a "new event" feature that creates a full screen-sized popup.
        Accessed using a simple "+" button.
        This page allows the user to input:
            Basic information: title, location, starts/ends time, short description of event.
            Option to repeat or make the event into a daily/weekly/annual occurrence.
            Option to alert or notify the user when the event is soon.
            Add invitees, which can find contacts from the phone's contact list.
    Has multiple viewing options for the calendar.
        Option to show: entire year, one month and one day.
        Includes buttons and scroll options to navigate to the desired date.
        Dates with an event/reminder (when viewing by month) are highlighted with a dot. Events are more detailed when viewed on the specific date.
            Possible alternative for showing events on the calendar without showing too many details.
        Has an option to show all upcoming events (with their corresponding dates) in a list.
    Includes a search tool to find certain dates/events.
    Includes a feature to respond to event invitations theough the phone's integrated email application.

Canvas (MyUni) calendar:
    Familiar calendar application to draw inspiration from. Includes key features that can be changed to suit an event planner:
        Features a calendar that spans (most of) the screen.
        Each date is given a moderately sized box to fit events into.
        Events are titled clearly on their corresponding dates.
            Clicking on the event title will create a popup that shows more details about the event.
    Does not have a create event button, but instead the user can click on the date on the calendar to "edit event" (to add them):
        Generates a (movable) popup on the page. Input fields: title, date, length of event.
        Has an "Additional options" button, which extends the popup to show additional input fields to minimise the size of the initial popup.
    "Events" (assignments) created by other people can appear on the calendars of those they are assigned to. Can be repurposed to let users know of upcoming events they are invited to.
    Filters can show/hide events according to their assigned category.
    Includes a smaller calendar that highlights each date with an event.
    Additional viewing options:
        Can view event by week (additionally shows time slot details).
        List format of upcoming events under "Agenda".
    Includes options to view dates/months in the past or future.
        Navigated by "<-" and "->" buttons.
        A "Today" button which takes the user back to the month/week of the current date.


Google calendar API:
    API that will be used in project. Includes a calendar and basic "create event" features.

- Additional Research -
Google search:
    Inspiration for index page.
        Sign in button is located on the top right.
            Clicking on the button takes the user to a different page to insert credentials.
        Main title is placed in the middle of the page (as well as search bar).
        Other, less important buttons placed around the borders/corners and edges of the page.
        Blank, simple background; little colour is used. Page is overall simple and easy to look at.

Facebook:
    Alternative inspiration for index page.
        Instead of having login/register buttons, the input fields are already present on the page (along with "Log in", "Create New Acount" buttons and a "Forgotten Password?" link).
            Removes the need to create/send users to a separate page.
        Main title is slightly off-centre (with a bit of flavour text) and input fields are placed next the title.
            Input fields (and log in button) are made bigger relative to other things on the page.
        Other, less important buttons are all placed at bottom of the page.
        Blank, simple background; has some colour (compared to Google search's page) to contrast.